feat: accept multiple `objectID`s (#8)
algolia/react-recommendations: README.md

The name of the products index.

### `objectIDs`

> > `string[` | **required**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> `string[]` | **required**
```

Author: See 984ced12f9dbc55b47f9bd4150ea5a625d9f8047.

> An array of object IDs of the products to get recommendations from.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An array of objectIDs of the products to get recommendations from.
```

Author: See 984ced12f9dbc55b47f9bd4150ea5a625d9f8047.
